today I'm going to show you how to use
the PSN store on Jan d3 first off you
have to be on gem d2 to do this so i'll
make i'll show you LeMond can be too
okay if you see my mac address actually
I'll cried it gen d to you can see that
oh well why don't really care you
make sure that you're signed into the
PSN store you put your credentials and
already mean that you have your username
and password in because it's not going
to work unless you do that so see our
minor in there mine are already in make
sure you do that put your PSP into um no
into flash one and then press problems
USB mode now you'll see it'll come up
now you all you're going to want to do
see I already did it but you click open
folder to view files and you'll see it
as a folder it's called registry I
already did it but you want do you just
want to put it on your desktop there's
mine right there now you want now you
have to upgrade to Jen d3 there's my gen
d33 here des gens III you have to update
that now but make sure that you have to
get that registry folder out of your PSP
and onto your desktop or any other thing
you want to put it on so it's saved
before you do this now you go to update
the jug d3 sorry the i'm using my
phone's camera it's not very good and
i'm moving all around it's all messed up
because i can't get my phone to sit up
straight anyway so there it is you just
press me stand up you just press enter
and you let it do its thing press flash
installed cfw 550 gen d3 and let it do
its thing so I'm sorry but my phone wont
let me pause the video so you're just
going to have to watch this or skip
ahead but you're gonna have to watch as
it updates it doesn't take very long but
I mean you're gonna have to watch and
it's a shitty color in the background so
you can let's see what it's doing
loading Sony updater that's what it says
mooning sony updater PSP 1000 detected
it just suddenly works on a 1000 and
2000 obviously um formatting all flashes
assigning all flashes creating
directories this is just was going to be
like but if you've already done Jen
before then you'll know and you see
there goes it's just flashing the
Gentiles see it's pretty fast fifteen
percent sixteen percent 1718 is pretty
fast not too bad so just wait sorry
about that anyway um yeah you know one
thing do I want to mention though I find
it so cool when people change the PSP
button cycle my guitar light on when
they change the buttons right there like
they take the PSP buttons out and they
change it to different colors like the
eye of a 3000 here I'd love to take
these buttons out and put them in but I
mean I'm not going to risk it because
I'm gonna myself anyway here it is oh it
looks like it's better with the light on
I call leave the light on sixty-seven
percent so it's pretty fast as I said
you could just skip ahead if you don't
want to wait I wouldn't want to wait if
I were you because it's boring and I'm
just blabbering on about boring things
but yeah this is a big requested
tutorial so I'm doing it because I know
a lot of people want to know what do
this cuz I mean m33 is good but it's so
old and I mean like I play it the reason
I do this is because I play FTB too and
I don't like em 33 firmware I mean not
ftp too so I play FTB 3 and you need PS
unable to do that but if your gen d3 and
you don't use this method you can't get
on your PSN account so if you can't even
sign in which i will show you how to see
it's done i'll show you that on Jen d3
you cannot sign in on the PSN store so
if you can't sign in you can't go on ftp
three
any other game requires psf neighbor
it's pink look at that so as you see I'm
on Jen d3 I don't scare do something
like a dress because I really do things
in my PSP anymore 550 gen d3 there it is
now i'm going to show you what's going
to happen say that you were you weren't
smart and you did not get on back up
your registry first this is what will
happen this is what's going to happen oh
sorry i have to put my do my connection
Oh hot damn it I I put in my password
sorry about this guy's and I just did
the wrong one scan sorry about this when
you you know how you always have to like
we put in your Wi-Fi and everything I
gotta take a and I'm sorry about
those guys um so I again I can't pause
the video I don't know why my phone
always messes up when I do that so I'm
just looking on my laptop from my Wi-Fi
password because I didn't memorize it
and I got to put in so let me just do
that real quick I'm putting in my Wi-Fi
password okay i just updated to verizon
fios and it is so fast i love it so much
hold on my password is not big it's okay
you're gonna have to do this too you're
gonna have to put in unless you don't
have a password on your wife I don't
know but you're gonna have to like we
configure your Wi-Fi and everything it's
done I'm done right there is also i'm
going to show you what's going to happen
now so I this video's running really
long but what am I going to do I think
this was going to happen now so when you
try a site into the PSN store like so if
you didn't do what I said by backing up
your registry this is what's going to
happen we try to put in your name you
can't do it you'll get this random error
and there's no way to get past it but
this is where I came in and I help you
out now you toggle your flash one again
and you go and you going to USB mode all
right now you're going to replace that
file with the one you had before
registry put it in boom copy replace
what I don't know whatever you have yeah
no one I'll make it a video why yeah I
oh my god my dad anyway so now reboot
your PSP just click reboot yeah I don't
know why we lost power and now it'll
work you'll be sergeant to your PSN look
position network now it's there and
you're already signed in so now you're
on Jen d3 as I promised which I'll show
you in a second but you already saw it
and you have your PSM you're gonna agree
and now you're not going to get any
weird error it will just say your
firmware is messed up but that's but I
have a Pyrrhic so I can get into it
because it's called PSN lover but I mean
it's not on right now so the last time I
lon gen III and that's about it so now
you can you go on your PSN account
meaning that you can play any game with
PSN a blur on 552 and III there you go
guys and it's sorry this many of the
video is going on eight minutes but I
mean sorry peace out